Update Workflow docs editing (#6571)
temporalio/temporal: docs/architecture/in-memory-queue.md

# In-memory Timer Queue

> This queue is similar to the normal persisted timer queue, but it exists only in memory, ie it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This queue is similar to the normal persisted timer queue, but it exists only in memory, i.e. it 
```

never gets persisted. It is created by a generic `MemoryScheduledQueueFactory`, but currently serves
only [speculative Workflow Task](./speculative-workflow-task.md) timeouts. Therefore, the only queue
this factory creates is `SpeculativeWorkflowTaskTimeoutQueue` which uses the same task executor as
the normal timer queue: `TimerQueueActiveTaskExecutor`.

Its implementation uses a `PriorityQueue` sorted by `VisibilityTimestamp`: the task on top is the
task that is executed next.

The in-memory queue only supports `WorkflowTaskTimeoutTask` and it only enforces

> `SCHEDULED_TO_START` and `START_TO_CLOSE`.

Reviewer: There are only two timeout types for any WFT. My intent here was to emphasize that only one type of timer tasks (`WorkflowTaskTimeoutTask`) is supported which enforce both timeouts. In your version, it sounds like normal WFT has other timeouts but for speculative we have only these 2.

Author: @alexshtin what's the other timeout type?

Reviewer: For activity tasks there is also `SCHEDULE_TO_CLOSE` which is for all attempts. WFT doesn't have it, it is getting retried forever.

Author: Gotcha! Changed it to this now:

> The in-memory queue only supports `WorkflowTaskTimeoutTask`, and enforces the
`SCHEDULE_TO_START` and `START_TO_CLOSE` timeouts.

> `SCHEDULED_TO_START` and `START_TO_CLOSE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SCHEDULE_TO_START` and `START_TO_CLOSE`.
```
